README.md, before:

# Poupachef

> Here at Poupachef we are designing the future of food procurement - and
we strongly believe that this task goes by empowering small restaurant
owners and scanning the current food service environment.


## Job opportunity

After testing the market and raising fund with a top notch investor, we
are now looking for extremely talented developers, hungry for knowledge
and willing to join our journey.


### Benefits

 - Competitive salary
 - Possibility of variable $ or stock options based on performance
 - Be an early employee, with huge freedom, in a promising startup
 - Contact with recent technologies such as *serverless*, *golang*, 
 *kotlin* and *react*


## Openings

For more information click on the position you're interested. And read
the next section to know how to return your solution to us.

- [Front-end developer](frontend/frontend-developer.md)


### How to deliver the solution

- Host your code in a public repository on GitHub and send the link by email to [devs](mailto:devs@poupachef.com.br).

- You can send doubts/suggestions to the email before returning the final
solution.

- Within 7 days after receiving the link.

## Result

Please respect the due time given on the test, normally we respond to
candidates in 5 business days.

Good luck! We are looking forward to working with great new people and
creating a top notch team.

Commit message:

Update from Poupachef to Cayena Jobs Test

README.md, after:

# Cayena

> Here at Cayena we are designing the future of food procurement - and
we strongly believe that this task goes by empowering small restaurant
owners and scanning the current food service environment.


## Job opportunity

After testing the market and raising fund with a top notch investor, we
are now looking for extremely talented developers, hungry for knowledge
and willing to join our journey.


### Benefits

 - Competitive salary
 - Possibility of variable $ or stock options based on performance
 - Be an early employee, with huge freedom, in a promising startup
 - Contact with technologies such as "aws", *java with spring and quarkus* and *react*
 and and excellent microservices architecture.


## Openings

For more information click on the position you're interested. And read
the next section to know how to return your solution to us.

- [Front End developer](frontend/frontend-developer.md)
- [Back End developer](back-end-developer.md)


### How to deliver the solution

- Host your code in a public repository on GitHub and send the link by email to [devs](mailto:antonio@acyena.com).

- You can send doubts/suggestions to the email before returning the final
solution.

- Within 7 days after receiving the link.

## Result

Please respect the due time given on the test, normally we respond to
candidates in 5 business days.

Good luck! We are looking forward to working with great new people and
creating a top notch team.
